README.md, before:

# CA North Coast Nature Trails: Mendocino to Ten Mile River

## Udacity React Neighborhood Map, Project 7

### Project Description and Purpose

This is a one page React Map application which displays a list of California North Coast Nature Trails from Mendocino to Ten Mile River. Zooming in will display geological elevations for hikers and details on other places of interest.

A sidebar menu shows locations of interest on the map which link to map markers, and a search input field allows the user to filter locations.

The map is generated by the Google Maps API. A second API request is made when a location is clicked to get details about the location, including lattitude, longitude, address and an image.
The location images displayed in the info window are generated by a call to the Flickr API Search endpoint.

The project was built for the Udacity Front End Nanodegree Program. The purpose of the project is to demonstrate understanding of the basic structure and operation of a React-based app.

### How to Launch the App on Localhost

- clone the project from GitHub

    `git clone https://github.com/ciaomarian/react-map-ms.git`

- change the working directory

    `cd react-map-ms`

### How to Launch the App Development mode

The project uses Node.js and the Create-React-App starter. If you do not have Node installed, you can download it here: Node.js

Once Node is installed, navigate to the directory where you want to store the app and serve the project:

`npm start` or `yarn start`

## Dependencies

[google-maps-react](https://github.com/fullstackreact/google-maps-react)

### Resources and Documentation

[Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/)

[Flickr API](https://www.flickr.com/services/api/)

[React API](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html)

[MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)

### Credits

Thank you to Udacity Project Mentors, especially Doug Brown, Ivan Bila and Mike Kroth on Slack. Also Edoh for his "getting started" walkthrough and to Rodrik Bloomfield for his React webinar.

Commit message:

Fixed: added Production Mode readme line

README.md, after:

# CA North Coast Nature Trails: Mendocino to Ten Mile River

## Udacity React Neighborhood Map, Project 7

### Project Description and Purpose

This is a one page React Map application which displays a list of California North Coast Nature Trails from Mendocino to Ten Mile River. Zooming in will display geological elevations for hikers and details on other places of interest.

A sidebar menu shows locations of interest on the map which link to map markers, and a search input field allows the user to filter locations.

The map is generated by the Google Maps API. A second API request is made when a location is clicked to get details about the location, including lattitude, longitude, address and an image.
The location images displayed in the info window are generated by a call to the Flickr API Search endpoint.

The project was built for the Udacity Front End Nanodegree Program. The purpose of the project is to demonstrate understanding of the basic structure and operation of a React-based app.

### How to Launch the App on Localhost

- clone the project from GitHub

    `git clone https://github.com/ciaomarian/react-map-ms.git`

- change the working directory

    `cd react-map-ms`

### How to Launch the App Development Mode

The project uses Node.js and the Create-React-App starter. If you do not have Node installed, you can download it here: Node.js

Once Node is installed, navigate to the directory where you want to store the app and serve the project:

`npm start` or `yarn start`

### Production Mode

The service worker is implemented only in the production build.

To run the application in the production build:

`npm run build`
`serve -s build`
`navigate to http://localhost:3000/`

## Dependencies

[google-maps-react](https://github.com/fullstackreact/google-maps-react)

### Resources and Documentation

[Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/)

[Flickr API](https://www.flickr.com/services/api/)

[React API](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html)

[MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)

### Credits

Thank you to Udacity Project Mentors, especially Doug Brown, Ivan Bila and Mike Kroth on Slack. Also Edoh for his "getting started" walkthrough and to Rodrik Bloomfield for his React webinar.
